# CS305Portfolio

Artemis Financial is a "financial consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for their patrons." The company has a web application that is open to the public and wants to maximize security to protect sensitive data. Two goals the company has are to encrypt files for the long term, and verify the authenticity of sent data using checksums. Both of these goals require specialized cryptographic algorithms, for which I selected AES 256 and SHA 256. In identifying vulnerabilities, I found inconsistencies in the code base that ranged from improper error checking all the way to lack of input validation. Coding securely is important to prevent misuse of a web application and negative unintended consequences of poor program design when malicious attacks take place. Working through the vulnerability assessment diagram helped me cover all bases of security neatly, but it was occasionally difficult to figure out which security problems fit under each category. Increasing the layers of security amounted to providing more than one line of defense against various attacks. In other words, layering file encryption, file checksums, and certificate authorities onto the same web application minimized the chances of an attacker finding a side channel attack strategy. By iteratively assessing the program's security every time I made a change to the code using manual code inspection and dependency checks, I could ensure that new code would execute without error and guarantee that my code additions did not introduce any new vulnerabilities. The OWASP dependency check tool is by far the most useful tool I have ever used to analyze software security. I have had little experience with static checks in the past, and after working with the dependency check tool, I know it will become a regular item in my toolbox. The Java keytool is also a tool that I was unfamiliar with beforehand, and using it in the future will save me the effort of implementing such a tool myself. To a future employer, I would showcase the before and after modifications of the code I refactored in reference to the dependency checks, as this demonstrates my ability to discover security vulnerabilities and either fix or suppress them.
